Sometimes in your applications you need to know the width or height of your device because you maybe
want to adjust some things depending on that or you were interested in the question whether the user
is currently viewing Graben portrait or landscape mode while using those platform injection.
We also already used to determine which operating system running on.
We can also learn which orientation our device has or which width and height.
So for example I can simply log this platform and then here I got the height method which will you guess
and give me back the height of the device.
Let's do the same for with and then I also got some other helpful methods here with this platform is
landscape well here I can check if I'm in landscape mode and we do have the same for portrait.
So with these four methods height width Lenn it's landscape and is portrayed we get powerful tools of
really determining how the APIs getting viewed and potentially rearranging things showing something
different whatever we want to do.
So let's save this with vi on Xserve already running two seaters in the Live application.
And I'm just building on on the last lecture where you had a look at the operating system and if it's
an iPhone here you see the console log.
So this is width and height and then this was the log for is landscape this is false.
And for as portrayed we see true now it's changed is by rotating to the wise and reloading the app.
Now you see the width and height of course swopped and so did the values for its landscape and is portrait
now as landscape is of course true.
So this is how you may utilize these efforts here to adjust your application depending on how the users
viewing your application and how much space you actually have to use.